I'm on Sublime Text Build 2181 so am unaware if the PHP 
Completions have been updated in a more recent build. 
Nevertheless, I've updated the PHP completions file.

I've added all new functions (around 1000!), updated/added 
lots of parameters, etc. However, the most significant change 
is that I've commented out a large list of extensions (listed 
below). Most of these have been moved to PECL extensions, 
and I don't think they should show by default. That is, 
I would un-comment them if/when I install the extension(s).

Libraries commented out:
Cairo, CUBRID, Cyrus, DB2, DBA, dBase, dbplus, dbx, Eio, Enchant, 
FAM, FrontBase (fbsql), Forms Data Format (FDF), filePro, GeoIP, 
GNU Multiple Precision (gmp), GnuPG, grapheme, GUPnP, gz (Zlib), 
HyperWave, ibase, ID3, Informix (ifx), IIS, IMAP, Ingres, 
Kerberos V, LDAP, Monetra, Mailparse, MaxDB, mcrypt, Mhash, Ming,
Mongo, mqseries, msession, MS SQL, msql, Ncurses, newt, (Lotus) Notes, 
nsapi, Oracle (oci), OpenAL, OpenSSL, Ovrimos, Parsekit, PCNTL, PDF, 
Postgre, POSIX, PostScript, Paradox, qtdom, Radius, GNU Readline, 
runkit, PostgreSQL, Semaphore, SWF, sybase, udm, vpopmail, Yaf, 
Yaml, YAZ, YP/NIS.

Most of these are for database drivers. Most PHP programmers 
will either use MySQL, or only use one other driver. Having all 
these drivers showing in the completions list ALL THE TIME is 
redundant and confusing.

I've also switched the order of mysql and mysqli, and indicated 
where mysql-functions are deprecated or discouraged. Edited: I've 
commented out mysql-functions and added MySqli-OO-methods in 
preference.

I've also favoured the correct casing for class, interface, 
constructor, and exception names.

I've largely retained the older, procedural, function names, 
rather than their OO-method equivalents - except for the 
DOM and PDO library methods. My reasoning is:

A lot of programmers still use the functions;
It will make the file almost twice the size!
It would take a long time ?!

Added: I've subsequently also added OO-methods for XMLReader, 
XMLWriter and XSLTProcessor. (I'm tempted to comment out the 
xmlwriter and xlst functions.)

I do not intend to include any OO-properties or constants. 
Adding properties, in particular, would create many duplicate 
words in the completions list. An exception to this is that 
I have included mysqli constants - but I could delete, or 
comment these, if they get in the way too much(?).

Note: If you update ST, a future build may overwrite the PHP-
completions file. So keep a copy of mine available if you 
still wish to use it in the future. Or, at least, don't name 
it PHP.sublime-completions.